modules: trusted-fimware-m: Add memory configuration logs (#28732)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Security
========

* Added:

  * Support for the X25519 key pair storage in the :ref:`Key Management Unit (KMU) <ug_kmu_guides_supported_key_types>`.

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option, which prints the configuration of SAU and MPC during the initialization of TF-M on the nRF54L Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option, which allows printing the configuration of SAU and MPC during the initialization of TF-M on the nRF54L Series devices.
```
\+ spell out SAU and MPC?

Author: It is already mentioned, isn't it?

Reviewer: I mean, put the full forms, not just the acronyms, but not sure about that, as you want.

Author: Ah, got it.

* Added:

  * Support for the X25519 key pair storage in the :ref:`Key Management Unit (KMU) <ug_kmu_guides_supported_key_types>`.

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` to print the configuration of SAU and MPC during TF-M initialization of the nRF54L15 devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option to print the configuration of SAU and MPC during TF-M initialization of the nRF54L15 devices.
```

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option to print the configuration of SAU and MPC during TF-M initialization of the nRF54L15 devices.

Reviewer 3: nrf54L15 -> nr54L series devices maybe? Since this is not specific to the nrf54L15.

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option to print the configuration of SAU and MPC during TF-M initialization of the nRF54L15 devices.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_LOG_NS_MEMORY_LAYOUT` Kconfig option, which prints the configuration of SAU and MPC during the initialization of TF-M on the nRF54L Series devices.
```
